Rephrase pages to hide "block" as a UI term (#1031)
CodeYourFuture/curriculum: common-content/en/module/how-our-curriculum-works/study-groups/index.md

### Steps 👣

1. Search for **study group** on the curriculum website
1. Find a day plan that uses the **study group** activity

> 1. Read the instructions for the activity

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Read the instructions
```

> 1. Check the learning objectives for the study group activity

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Read the learning objectives for the study group
```
